feat: eve-connector priorityclassname added (#1113)
sysdiglabs/charts: charts/node-analyzer/README.md

| `nodeAnalyzer.runtimeScanner.eveConnector.resources.limits.cpu`      | Eve Connector CPU limits per node                                                        | `1000m`                                                                                                                                                               |
| `nodeAnalyzer.runtimeScanner.eveConnector.resources.limits.memory`   | Eve Connector Memory limits per node                                                     | `512Mi`                                                                                                                                                               |
| `nodeAnalyzer.runtimeScanner.eveConnector.settings.replicas`         | Eve Connector deployment replicas                                                        | `1`                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `nodeAnalyzer.runtimeScanner.eveConnector.priorityClassName`         | Eve Connector deployment Priority class name                              | `{}`                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `nodeAnalyzer.runtimeScanner.eveConnector.priorityClassName`         | Name of an existing PriorityClass to use for the Eve Connector Deployment                              | `{}`                                                                                                                                                               |
```
